---
title: About us
layout: page
---


Richard Koffijberg started his salon in 1976, in a small bridge keeper’s house at the Amstelkade in Amsterdam-South. In 1997, the salon moved to a much bigger space, across the street at Scheldestraat 8. There, the family business became one of the leading salons in the Netherlands. [*Take a look in side.*](https://www.google.nl/maps/uv?hl=nl&amp;pb=!1s0x47c609f52b889af9:0xa0d852e46cb77f93!2m19!2m2!1i80!2i80!3m1!2i20!16m13!1b1!2m2!1m1!1e1!2m2!1m1!1e3!2m2!1m1!1e5!2m2!1m1!1e4!3m1!7e115!4s/maps/place/koffijberg%2Bhair/@52.3478303,4.8910038,3a,75y,278.21h,90t/data%3D*213m4*211e1*213m2*211srA0saFomM0IAAAQvxR2meQ*212e0*214m2*213m1*211s0x0:0xa0d852e46cb77f93!5skoffijberg+hair+-+Google+zoeken&amp;imagekey=!1e2!2srA0saFomM0IAAAQvxR2meQ&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiLzbDa4YLRAhVQdFAKHYRjAHYQoB8IjQEwEg)

Since 2009, the salon is owned by Richard’s daughter Kimm and her partner Robert. Kimm shares her father’s passion for the hairdressing business. She is one of the leading hairdressers in the Netherlands. In addition to being the owner of Koffijberg Hairdressers, Kimm is Global Color Director for Keune Haircosmetics. She is responsible for all color-related education programs, she participates in (inter)national shows, teaches master classes, and develops the creative color concepts for the Keune Trend Collections. Salon owners from all over the Netherlands ask Kimm to train their employees.

For over 40 years, Koffijberg Hairdressers’ salon has been leading in hair coloring and cutting techniques. Only certified hairdressers cut and color your hair. They often participate in professional trainings and thus stay informed about the state of the art in the hairdressing industry. Koffijberg’s hairdressers have received numerous awards and the salon has been named ‘Entrepeneur of the Year’.

Most importantly, in our salon, we share a broad interest in our clients. We do not just base our advice on your appearance, such as the shape of your face and the tone of your skin. We want to know more about your lifestyle and provide you with advice that is truly tailored to you personally. Call us for more information or visit our salon. If you want to ask us a question online or directly set an appointment online, this is also possible. At Koffijberg we dedicate our time to giving you the advice that suits your lifestyle and personal needs.

[Click here for interior](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipOJti8OeHzM6kd3MyzHAuHhZ-PtFqGDrupw9_zhqss0avv0DzEDnDC_80w-rfqRGA?key=MWNIVkpya2Y1U3JJN0FGMW5tbXJlaVkxYjhJZjZR) of [click here for a digital tour.](https://www.google.nl/maps/uv?hl=nl&amp;pb=!1s0x47c609f52b889af9:0xa0d852e46cb77f93!2m19!2m2!1i80!2i80!3m1!2i20!16m13!1b1!2m2!1m1!1e1!2m2!1m1!1e3!2m2!1m1!1e5!2m2!1m1!1e4!3m1!7e115!4s/maps/place/koffijberg%2Bhair/@52.3478303,4.8910038,3a,75y,278.21h,90t/data%3D*213m4*211e1*213m2*211srA0saFomM0IAAAQvxR2meQ*212e0*214m2*213m1*211s0x0:0xa0d852e46cb77f93!5skoffijberg+hair+-+Google+zoeken&amp;imagekey=!1e2!2srA0saFomM0IAAAQvxR2meQ&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiLzbDa4YLRAhVQdFAKHYRjAHYQoB8IjQEwEg)